Mr. Zhang is not well
misunderstanding misunderstanding
If you have anything to say, tell me immediately
Other foreign financial groups continue to raise their stock prices
the amount we need
I'm afraid it's estimated to be around 5 billion.
We add together the businesses
I'm afraid I can't afford so much money.
so what you mean is
I'm afraid we have to let foreign companies take over.
Really unwilling
Jiangcheng unexpectedly
Now you don't have to worry
Because I invited a mysterious rich man
He can solve all our problems
Are you saying
That's right
He doesn't look like a mysterious rich man.
Look at how he's dressed
The whole body is probably added up.
Nothing costs more than 100 yuan
How could he possibly come up with nine
The mysterious billionaire holds on
Hey Hei
Haven't you ever heard of a saying called
Don't you want to be exposed?
Could it be that your city lord's vision is not as good as yours?
nothing to know
Let's make a bet
If it really comes out to 5 billion
I'm going to repay you, okay?
Mr. Zhang is not good
Misunderstanding
What is the matter, tell me
Other foreign financial groups continue to raise their share prices
The amount we need
I am afraid it is 5 billion
We put the companies together.
I am afraid I can't come up with that much money
So you mean
I am afraid I will have to let a foreign company take over
I am so unwilling
Jiangcheng actually
Now you do not have to worry.
Because I invited a mysterious billionaire
He can solve all our problems for us.
Are you saying
Exactly.
Does he look like a mysterious billionaire?
You see how he is dressed.
The whole body probably adds up
Nothing over 100 yuan
How could he possibly take out nine?
The mysterious billionaire holds on
Hey, Blackie
Haven't you ever heard a saying called
Is it not exposed?
Do you think the eyes of the city lord are not as good as yours?
There's nothing to know.
So let's make a bet
If there are really 5 billion
I want to repay you, okay?